Tell users to install the latest version (#3535)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.10/installation/introduction.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> > This is an older version of Centreon, and support for it is ending soon. Consider installing the latest version.

Author: ```suggestion
> This is an older version of Centreon, and support for it is ending soon. We recommend you install the latest version.
```
